Sir, we have now booked the entire hotel
It has already started to clean up, and the guests don't have to be so big a deal.
The injury is just a simple meal
It's enough to wrap up the whole garden, it's an adult
Zhao Yu must be melting with the Lord of Kunlun
I didn't expect the Lord of Kunlun to be a classic opinion with us
We didn't notice it.
What
The sky garden on the top floor was contracted
It's time for my sister to eat, I'm afraid I'll have to come
The hanging garden was booked out
The other manager said
The hotel is booked
But the other party is not awake
Current customer's
The responsibility is not to collide
Today, Miss Qin and I
Eat at the restaurant below the Hanging Garden
Miss Qin
Today, maybe before the snow feast
Will encounter your choice
Anyway, think about it
I won't embarrass you.
But it's an opportunity.
To be able to meet the Lord of Kunlun in advance
It's an honor
Ah, then this meal is on me.
Just treat it as a substitute for forestry every time
Hope from now on
Forestry is the underclass
I don't deserve to think about myself